@date-created 28-01-2021@
@date-updated 28-01-2021@
@title Release v0.12.0 - Internal refactor, lightweight parsing, and more@
@seo-tag v0-11-0-release-changelog@
@card-image /img/logos/jcli_630x_facebook_linkedin.png@
@card-image-twitter /img/logos/jcli_512x_twitter.png@

The latest release of [JCLI](https://code.dlang.org/packages/jcli) has been released, featuring a decently large refactor
of `core.d` which has allowed the creation of command parsing and command help text generating being split up into seperate
components.

As a misc measurement of how large and overreaching it was/still is, Git reports that `core.d` has lost 1,039 lines of code due to these changes,
slightly over half its original size.

And just as another misc measurement, with this release 33%LoC in JCLI are comments.

A slight warning: because of this large rewrite/split-up of `core.d`, there might be undocumented breaking changes. Please file an issue
if they are fixable (look at me, pretending people actually use this library >x3).

I have hope though that with the new amalgamation file, it'll become much less of a hassle to use JCLI, because it *should* (barring bugs) just be
a case of copy-pasting the file into your project, and then off you go.

## Changelog

Most changes are explained in the [new README](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli).

The following changes were implemented:

1. **Breaking** - [Inheritance for the foreseeable future is broken due to a language limitation.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli/issues/44)
1. **Semi-Breaking** - `CommandRawArg` has been renamed `CommandRawListArg`, but there is an `alias` defined to keep current code working.
1. **Feature** - [JCLI now provides an amalgamation of its and its dependency's source code.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#using-the-amalgamation)
1. **Feature** - [`CommandParser` has been added, which allows for the light-weight parsing of commands outside of `CommandLineInterface`.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#light-weight-command-parsing)
1. **Feature** - [`CommandHelpText` has been added, which allows for help text generation of commands outside of `CommandLineInterface`.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#light-weight-command-help-text)
1. **Feature** - [The `infogen` module has been created, which allows for introspection of commands outside of `CommandLineInterface`.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#command-introspection)
1. **Change** - `HelpTextBuilderSimple` no longer outputs empty sections.
1. **Testing** - The test runner now allows specific tests to fail, without the entire test run failing.
1. **Testing** - The UFCS function `resultAssert` has been added to easily assert the state and value of a `Result`.

## Upcoming

For v0.13.0 my known concerns are to:

* Split up bash completion into a sepearte `CommandAutoComplete` component, which can be used for purposes outside of bash completion. This also further shrinks `core.d`.

* [Come up with an answer about whether I want to remove obsolete modules or not](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli/issues/43)

* Decide on whether to remove `jaster.cli.ansi` and instead use [JANSI](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jansi). Depending on what I do with the utility modules I might just remove it altogether since I won't have need for it.

* And of course, I'll be thinking of more stuff to add into this release as I go along.

I originally foresaw JCLI as being a complete CLI framework, but now I'm starting to wonder if I should go the path of seperate packages that compliment eachother.

For example, JCLI handles command parsing and binding; JANSI is used for the colourful output with maybe a different user I/O package built on top of it;
another library built on top of JANSI that provides ANSI-enabled text components (e.g. tables), etc.

We'll just have to see what direction I want to go in. External thoughts are welcome as well.