@date-created 02-11-2020@
@date-updated 02-11-2020@
@title Release v0.11.0 - Too much to summarise@
@seo-tag v0-11-0-release-changelog@
@card-image /img/logos/jcli_630x_facebook_linkedin.png@
@card-image-twitter /img/logos/jcli_512x_twitter.png@

The latest release of [JCLI](https://code.dlang.org/packages/jcli) has been released, featuring a massive amount of changes,
tweaks, features, and a brand new comprehensive README.

Special thanks to [andrey-zherikov](https://github.com/andrey-zherikov) for all of the support he's provided.

## Changelog

Most changes are explained in the [new README](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli).

The following changes were implemented:

1. **README** - A new large, comprehensive README has been created.
1. **Breaking** - [The `@CommandDefault` UDA has been introduced. The old way of making default commands is now deprecated.](#commanddefault-uda)
1. **Breaking** - [Arg binders and validators now have to use the new `Result` type.](#arg-validators-and-binders-now-have-to-use-the-new-result-type)
1. **Breaking** - [Arg validators now require the use of `@ArgValidator`.](#argvalidator-uda)
1. **Feature** - [The `@CommandArgGroup` UDA has been introduced, allowing arguments to be organised into groups within a command's help text.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#argument-groups)
1. **Feature** - Settings can now be passed into CommandLineInterface, including an app name to show within error and help text.
1. **Feature** - Introduced a `Result` type.
1. **Feature** - Added the top-level package `jcli` that publically imports `jaster.cli`.
1. **Feature** - [Add built-in validators `@PreValidate` and `@PostValidate`, allowing a more fluent but limited style of validation.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#user-defined-argument-validation)
1. **Feature** - [The `@ArgBindWith` UDA has been introduced, so that specific arguments can be bound in a specific way.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#per-argument-binding)
1. **Feature** - [Introduce the `CommandArgAction` enum, which allows customisation of how an argument is parsed. Currently `.default_` and `.count`.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#commandargactioncount)
1. **Change** - [Bash completion is now opt-in, and JCLI no longer requires the `-J` flag for non-dub users.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli#bash-completion)
1. **Change** - Version JCLI_BinderCompilerErrors has been removed as the ArgBinder will no longer mask compiler errors.
1. **Change** - Github Actions now triggers on pull requests, and uses the official dlang action.
1. **Change** - Detection of multiple default commands has moved to a compile-time check, instead of a runtime one.
1. **Change** - Failure to find an appropriate binder in `ArgBinder.bind` now creates a compile-time error, instead of a runtime one.
1. **Tweak** - core.d has been restructured (again).
1. **Tweak** - binder.d has been restructured.
1. **Tweak** - Unnamed positional arguments are given the default name of "VALUE" instead of being invisible.
1. **Tweak** - The usage string has been changed into a more standard format.
1. **Tweak** - [Most error messages and help texts have been improved.](https://github.com/BradleyChatha/jcli/pull/26)

## CommandDefault UDA

Previously to create a default command the user had to provide a null name: `@Command(null, "description")`.

Having a special, unclear meaning to `null`, as well as forcing the user to even pass `null` in the first place, was not a wise idea.

So now the syntax is simply: `@CommandDefault("description")`.

## Arg validators and binders now have to use the new Result type

Arg binders before this version were defined similar to below:

```d
@ArgBinderFunc
void numberBinder(T)(string arg, ref scope T value)
{
    import std.conv : to;

    value = arg.to!T; // Exceptions are caught and provided as an error message.
}
```

Now however, we have the new `Result` type, so arg binders are now defined as:

```d
@ArgBinderFunc
Result!T numberBinder(T)(string arg)
if(isNumeric!T)
{
    import std.conv : to;

    try return Result!T.success(arg.to!T);
    catch(ConvException ex)
        return Result!T.failure(ex.msg);
}
```

Similarly arg validators used to be defined as:

```d
struct IsEven
{
    // onPreValidate shown for completion, doesn't make logical sense for this validator though.
    bool onPreValidate(string arg, ref string error)
    {
        error = arg~" is not an even number."
        return arg.to!int() % 2 == 0;
    }

    bool onValidate(T)(T value, ref string error)
    if(isNumeric!T)
    {
        error = arg.to!string() ~ " is not an even number."
        return value % 2 == 0;
    }
}
```

As of this release, the above validator would now look like:

```d
struct IsEven
{
    Result!void onPreValidate(string arg)
    {
        return (arg.to!int() % 2 == 0)
        ? Result!void.success()
        : Result!void.failure(arg~" is not an even number.");
    }

    Result!void onValidate(T)(T value)
    {
        // Alternative way to write the above.
        return Result!void.failureIf(
            value % 2 != 0, // Condition
            value.to!string ~ " is not an even number" // Error Message if condition is true.
        )
    }
}
```

## ArgValidator UDA

Arg validator types must now be decorated with the `@ArgValidator` UDA. This is to solve certain ambiguity issues, as well
as make it possible to provide better error messages.

## Issues

During the development of this version I discovered a possible compiler frontend bug, 
filed as [issue #21377](https://issues.dlang.org/show_bug.cgi?id=21377).

## Contributors ❤️

The following people (other than myself) have contributed to this release of JCLI:

* [andrey-zherikov](https://github.com/andrey-zherikov) - Helped either directly or indirectly with every part of this release.
