@date-created 29-08-2020@
@date-updated 29-08-2020@
@title Release v0.8.0 - asAnsiChars, asAnsiTexts, and just in general: Ansi@
@seo-tag v0-8-0-release-changelog@
@card-image /img/logos/jcli_630x_facebook_linkedin.png@
@card-image-twitter /img/logos/jcli_512x_twitter.png@

The latest release of [JCLI](https://code.dlang.org/packages/jcli) has been released, mostly featuring new InputRanges to help
parse ANSI-encoded strings.

## Changelog

The following changes were implemented:

1. **Feature** - Add `AsAnsiTextRange` and `asAnsiTexts` to convert any range of `AnsiSection`s into a range of `AnsiText`s.
2. **Feature** - Add `AsAnsiCharRange` and `asAnsiChars` to convert any range of `AnsiSection`s into a range of `AnsiChar`s.
3. **Feature** - Add `AnsiSectionRange`, a range that breaks up a string into seperate ANSI encoding sections, and plain text sections.
4. **Feature** - Add `AnsiText.rawText[set]` to set the raw, unencoded text.
5. **Feature** - Add `bg` and `fg` setter overrides to `AnsiText` that take an `AnsiColour`.
6. **Testing** - Rewrite the example [test runner](https://github.com/SealabJaster/jcli/blob/master/examples/test.d) into a D version. The results look [awesome](https://github.com/SealabJaster/jcli/runs/917384876?check_suite_focus=true#step:4:32).
7. **Breaking** - Rename `TextBufferChar` to `AnsiChar`, and move it into `ansi.d`.
8. **Tweak** - Mark `parser.d` as `@safe`
9. **Fix** - `AnsiColour`'s RGB ctor now correctly sets the colour type to `AnsiColourType.rgb`.
10. **Fix** - `AnsiText`'s colour setters now correctly set the `isBg` flag.
69. **Very important** - A [very important](https://github.com/SealabJaster/jcli/commit/8cdf68546b0f4f9bc0c5ecb743afae9e96734aeb) commit was made.
